# LONOMO
Life collaboration platform. A place to find solutions to problems do scientific research and in general find the best way to solve and do something. It is aimed at grouping Likeminded people who want to see a world of peace progress scientific discoveries and understanding of us and the world around us. 
I need a purpose! Something to work on that I believe in so I can dedicate my life to. This is a platform where we are looking to collect information and define pathways so we can try a couple of different options in order to increase our chances to find a purpose which has the most utility for you personally as an unique individual. A purpose which is naturally aligned with your personal life phylosophy is very much needed and serves a good cause (makes a positive difference in the life of others without being damaging to the environment and other social groups and entities) and is something that you naturally understand. 

We aim to acieve that by gethering and systematising knowledge in a way which leads to understanding. We aim to cross the boundaries of categorical thinking and expand our understanding of the world around us, humanity and its social structures. We aim to bring in understanding of the whole complexity of the world the way it is and not in an oversimplified and categirised for simplicity and ease of understanding form. The above task is not easy I know but that is not a reason to give up and not attept to   Science sais that the human brain is one of the most complex structures in the known universe. 
This world is run and managed by people who only care about making money. They have no imagination, no real sence of responsibility no logic or ability to follow a cause-effect logical stream. They have zero understanding of the world beyond the cubicle desk they live in and the ego and self esteem that only a cubicled brain can have. The more person knows about the world the more it is apparent how complex and fragile everything is. This platform is dedicated to modesty, truth, interconnectedness, responsibility and a wholistic approach to science, life and everything else. I enphasize on the word WHOLISTIC. Please spend some extra brain cycles to think understand and develop a feeling what that means. Everything is connected to everything else in one way or another. 
People's brain capacity is limited we can only understand and learn so much and that is not enough to be able to make the logical connections between everything. We have a limited keyholed understanding or selected subset of things and no one can in anyway grasp the vastness of the interconnectedness of everything. I am looking to create a collaboration platform aimed at building understanding with the aid of people working together with computers and AI and need all the help in the world. We need a solution which will reach to other generations and help humanity stop the cycle of repeting the same things over and over again. A tool that crosses the boundaries of the generations and helps us to stop going around in circles. I am looking for a solution for a social structure and co-habitation which promotes wholistic existance where we live a ballanced more natural life. A life of understanding and effortless belonging. Hoping that our platform will solve this problem once and for all for all societies everywhere. Need examples of how this is done in nature and other social animals and also in phisics and chemistry (energy distribution and natural structures). A lot of work ahead of us.  
